This activity consists of film natural light eye protection light in the supervisor
In the next program, we invite the employees of the school art club to bring Thunderbolt Meat
Everyone is welcome
Employee employee employee employee
Is Liang Zi still in play?
I am interested in him
Then I'm relieved.
What did you give him?
He is so delicate
You don't understand it's called charisma
What's up?
Kiss me
If you need clothes, ask me to borrow them
So shabby
I thought you were feeding the pigs in advance
Prepare
Wait for the official so early
Wouldn't it be ugly to lose later?
Who wouldn't say anything cruel?
I hope you'll be as arrogant on stage later
Sure! Let's go.
Thank you Gu Yuan for the wonderful performance.
Next is the original dance song You Mountain Love brought by the special training class Xu Ziliang Song Yue
Xu Ziliang, I personally understand an employee, but the Prince of Dance is too self-sufficient to bet with him. It's also original
I want to see what kind of Divine Comedy he can write
President, you win